source/includes/_management_boosters.md, before:

# Management / Boosters

## Get all boosters

```shell
curl "https://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: token" \
  -H "X-Staff-Id: 828055eb-a94d-4f71-aa90-110d5b747468" \
  -d '{
    "start": "2018-03-01",
    "end": "2018-03-28"
    }'

```

> The above command returns array of `Booster` objects:

```json
{
  "boosters": [
    {
      "id": "4a4bd792-d962-4304-bafd-4faccfd5be89",
      "title": "Dummy Title",
      "date": "2018-04-01",
      "start_time": 56686,
      "finished_by": "end_time",
      "end_time": 56888,
      "point": 100,
      "status": "scheduled",
      "booster_type": "task",
      "task_desc": null,
      "redeem_count": 0
    },
    {
      "id": "a9bd28d9-a7a2-44e4-8752-88a154783f1f",
      "title": "Dummy Title",
      "date": "2018-04-03",
      "start_time": 39600,
      "end_time": 72000,
      "host_point": 100,
      "invitee_point": 100,
      "unlimited": true,
      "status": "scheduled",
      "booster_type": "invitation",
      "number_of_invitation_sent": 0,
      "number_of_invitation_redeemed": 0,
      "number_of_invitation_not_redeemed": 0,
      "number_of_host": 0,
      "number_of_invitee": 0
    }
  ]
}
```

This endpoint authenticated by `Manager Token`, and Staff-ID Request Header, staff should be manager staff, and retrieves all boosters within range.

### HTTP Request

`GET http://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters`

<aside class="info">This API require Staff-Id Request Header. please refer to <a
href="#staff-id-request-header">Staff-Id Request Header section</a></aside>

<aside class="info">This API support pagination. please refer to <a
href="#link-response-header">Link Response Header section</a></aside>

### Query Parameters

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
start | Y | start range of query, format: 'YYYY-MM-DD'
end | Y | end range of query, format: 'YYYY-MM-DD'
page | N | the page results of all transactions
per_page | N | the number of transaction record return per page by api, default to be 20

## Get booster

```shell
curl "https://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/0cb43edf-4623-4086-99a0-50554af32baa" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: token" \
  -H "X-Staff-Id: 828055eb-a94d-4f71-aa90-110d5b747468" \
```

> The above command returns `Booster` objects:

```json
{
  "booster": {
    "id": "0cb43edf-4623-4086-99a0-50554af32baa",
    "title": "Dummy Title",
    "date": "2018-03-30",
    "start_time": 39600,
    "finished_by": "end_time",
    "end_time": 72000,
    "point": 100,
    "status": "actived",
    "booster_type": "check_in",
    "redeem_count": 0
  }
}

```

This endpoint authenticated by `Manager Token`, and Staff-ID Request Header, staff should be manager staff, and retrieves booster with stats

### HTTP Request

`GET http://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/:booster_id`

<aside class="info">This API require Staff-Id Request Header. please refer to <a
href="#staff-id-request-header">Staff-Id Request Header section</a></aside>

### Response Parameters

For CheckIn Booster

Parameter | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | date of booster
booster_type | should be 'check_in'
start_time | start time of booster
end_time | if finished_by is 'end_time', would be present here. End time of booster
finished_by | either 'end_time' or 'quantity'
quantity | if finished_by is 'quantity', would be present here. The maximum time for redemption.
title | Title of booster
point | redemption point
redeem_count | number of redemption so far

For Task Booster

Parameter | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | date of booster
booster_type | should be 'task'
start_time | start time of booster
end_time | if finished_by is 'end_time', would be present here. End time of booster
finished_by | either 'end_time' or 'quantity'
quantity | if finished_by is 'quantity', would be present here. The maximum time for redemption.
title | Title of booster
point | redemption point
redeem_count | number of redemption so far

For Invitation Booster

Parameter | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | date of booster
booster_type | should be 'invitation'
start_time | start time of booster
end_time | end time of booster
host_point | redemption point as a host
invitee_point | redemption point as a invitee
unlimited | either true or false
title | Title of booster
invitation_limit | if unlimited is false, would be present here. Maximum of Invitaiton host can sent
number_of_invitation_sent | number of invitation sent out
number_of_invitation_redeemed | number of invitation that have been redeemed
number_of_invitation_not_redeemed | number of invitation that have not been redeemed
number_of_host | number of host
number_of_invitee | number of invitee

For Tiered Check In Booster

Parameter | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | date of booster
booster_type | should be 'tiered_check_in'
finished_by | 'end_time' or 'quantity'
start_time | start time of booster
end_time | if finished_by is end_time, specify end time of booster
quantity | if finished_by is quantity, specify quantity here
point | redemption point as for check-in
enable_invitation | enable or not invitation feature
host_point | redemption point as a host
invitee_point | redemption point as a invitee
unlimited | either true or false
title | Title of booster
invitation_limit | if unlimited is false, would be present here. Maximum of Invitaiton host can sent
number_of_invitation_sent | number of invitation sent out
number_of_invitation_redeemed | number of invitation that have been redeemed
number_of_invitation_not_redeemed | number of invitation that have not been redeemed
number_of_host | number of host
number_of_invitee | number of invitee

For Target Amount Booster

Parameter | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | date of booster
booster_type | should be 'target_amount'
start_time | start time of booster
end_time | End time of booster
point | redemption point
target_amount | target_amount that patron purchase to redeem the point
title | Title of booster
redeem_count | number of redemption so far
number_of_redeemed_player | number of redeemed player so far

For Credit Booster

Parameter | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | date of booster
booster_type | should be 'credit'
start_time | start time of booster
end_time | End time of booster
cash_back | cash back percentage, for instance 3.5% cash back, value is 3.5
title | Title of booster
redeem_count | number of redeemed so far

## Create Boosters

```shell
curl "https://phrenzi.com/api/management/booster" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: token" \
  -H "X-Staff-Id: 828055eb-a94d-4f71-aa90-110d5b747468" \
  -X POST \
  -d '{
    "booster_type": "check_in",
    "date": "2018-03-01",
    "start_time": 39600,
    "finished_by": "end_time",
    "end_time": 79200,
    "point": 100,
    "title": "CheckIn and Play"
    }'
```

> if okay, return status coce 200 and `Booster` objects:

``` json
{
  "booster": {
    "id": "0d028b17-e0c7-47ee-a951-3884b39e0603",
    "title": "CheckIn and Play",
    "date": "2018-04-01",
    "start_time": 46800,
    "finished_by": "end_time",
    "end_time": 54000,
    "point": 100,
    "status": "scheduled",
    "booster_type": "check_in",
    "redeem_count": 0
  }
}
```

> if invalid, return status coce 422 and object:

``` json
{
  "errors": [
    "Date can't be blank"
  ]
}
```

This endpoint authenticated by `Manager Token` ( using Staff-ID Request Header, staff should be manager staff ) and create Booster

### HTTP Request

`POST http://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters`

<aside class="info">This API require Staff-Id Request Header. please refer to <a
href="#staff-id-request-header">Staff-Id Request Header section</a></aside>

### Query Parameters

For CheckIn Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
booster_type | Y | should be 'check_in'
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | N | if finished_by is 'end_time', required. end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
finished_by | Y | either 'end_time' or 'quantity'
quantity | N | if finished_by is 'quantity', required. the maximum time for redemption.
title | Y | Title of booster
point | Y | redemption point

For Task Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
booster_type | Y | should be 'task'
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | N | if finished_by is 'end_time', required. end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
finished_by | Y | either 'end_time' or 'quantity'
quantity | N | if finished_by is 'quantity', required. the maximum time for redemption.
title | Y | Title of booster
point | Y | redemption point

For Invitation Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
booster_type | Y | should be 'invitation'
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | Y | end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
host_point | Y | redemption point as a host
invitee_point | Y | redemption point as a invitee
unlimited | Y | either true or false
title | Y | Title of booster
invitation_limit | N | if unlimited is false, then required. maximum of Invitaiton host can sent

For Tiered Check In Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
booster_type | Y | should be 'tiered_check_in'
finished_by | Y | should be 'end_time' or 'quantity'
start_time | Y | start time of booster template, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | N | if finished_by is 'end_time', required, specify end_time of booster template, it's second to the begining of the day
quantity | N | if finished_by is 'quantity', required, quantity of booster that can redeemed
point | Y | check-in point
enable_invitation | Y | true or false
host_point | N | if enable_invitation, required, redemption point as a host
invitee_point | N | if enable_invitation, required, redemption point as a invitee
unlimited | N | if enable_invitation, required, either true or false
title | Y | Title of booster template
invitation_limit | N | if unlimited is false, then required. maximum of Invitaiton host can sent


For Target Amount Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
booster_type | Y | should be 'target_amount'
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | Y | end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
point | Y | redemption point
target_amount | Y | target_amount that patron purchase to redeem the point
title | Y | Title of booster

For Credit Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
booster_type | Y | should be 'credit'
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | Y | end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
cash_back | Y | cash_back of sales
title | Y | Title of booster

## Create Booster From Booster Template

```shell
curl "https://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/from_booster_template" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: token" \
  -H "X-Staff-Id: 828055eb-a94d-4f71-aa90-110d5b747468" \
  -X POST \
  -d '{
    "id": "4e92881c-6aa8-47c7-afb2-00bddb909c32",
    "date": "2018-03-01"
    }'
```

> if okay, return status coce 200 and `Booster` objects:

``` json
{
  "booster": {
    "id": "0d028b17-e0c7-47ee-a951-3884b39e0603",
    "title": "CheckIn and Play",
    "date": "2018-03-01",
    "start_time": 46800,
    "finished_by": "end_time",
    "end_time": 54000,
    "point": 100,
    "status": "scheduled",
    "booster_type": "check_in",
    "redeem_count": 0
  }
}
```

> if invalid, return status coce 422 and object:

``` json
{
  "errors": [
    "Date can't be blank"
  ]
}
```

This endpoint authenticated by `Manager Token` ( using Staff-ID Request Header, staff should be manager staff ) and create Booster from existing booster_template id

### HTTP Request

`POST http://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/from_booster_template`

<aside class="info">This API require Staff-Id Request Header. please refer to <a
href="#staff-id-request-header">Staff-Id Request Header section</a></aside>

### Query Parameters

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
id | Y | booster template's id
date | Y | booster scheduled date

## Update Booster

```shell
curl "https://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/a635683c-87d3-4531-a5b5-f58d44d053b8" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: token" \
  -H "X-Staff-Id: 828055eb-a94d-4f71-aa90-110d5b747468" \
  -X PATCH \
  -d '{
    "date": "2018-03-01",
    "start_time": 39600,
    "finished_by": "end_time",
    "end_time": 79200,
    "point": 100,
    "title": "CheckIn and Play"
    }'
```

> if okay, return status code 200 and returns `Booster` object:

```json
{
  "booster": {
    "id": "a635683c-87d3-4531-a5b5-f58d44d053b8",
    "title": "CheckIn and Play",
    "date": "2018-04-01",
    "start_time": 39600,
    "finished_by": "end_time",
    "end_time": 79200,
    "point": 100,
    "status": "scheduled",
    "booster_type": "check_in",
    "redeem_count": 0
  }
}
```

> if invalid, return status coce 422 and object:

``` json
{
  "errors": [
    "Date can't be blank"
  ]
}
```

This endpoint authenticated by `Manager Token` ( using Staff-ID Request Header, staff should be manager staff ) and update Booster

### HTTP Request

`PATCH http://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/:booster_id`

<aside class="info">This API require Staff-Id Request Header. please refer to <a
href="#staff-id-request-header">Staff-Id Request Header section</a></aside>

### Query Parameters
For CheckIn Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | N | if finished_by is 'end_time', required. end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
finished_by | Y | either 'end_time' or 'quantity'
quantity | N | if finished_by is 'quantity', required. the maximum time for redemption.
title | Y | Title of booster
point | Y | redemption point

For Task Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | N | if finished_by is 'end_time', required. end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
finished_by | Y | either 'end_time' or 'quantity'
quantity | N | if finished_by is 'quantity', required. the maximum time for redemption.
title | Y | Title of booster
point | Y | redemption point

For Invitation Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | Y | end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
host_point | Y | redemption point as a host
invitee_point | Y | redemption point as a invitee
unlimited | Y | either true or false
title | Y | Title of booster
invitation_limit | N | if unlimited is false, then required. maximum of Invitaiton host can sent

For Tiered Check In Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
finished_by | Y | should be 'end_time' or 'quantity'
start_time | Y | start time of booster template, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | N | if finished_by is 'end_time', required, specify end_time of booster template, it's second to the begining of the day
quantity | N | if finished_by is 'quantity', required, quantity of booster that can redeemed
point | Y | check-in point
enable_invitation | Y | true or false
host_point | N | if enable_invitation, required, redemption point as a host
invitee_point | N | if enable_invitation, required, redemption point as a invitee
unlimited | N | if enable_invitation, required, either true or false
title | Y | Title of booster template
invitation_limit | N | if unlimited is false, then required. maximum of Invitaiton host can sent

For Target Amount Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | Y | end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
point | Y | redemption point
target_amount | Y | target_amount that patron purchase to redeem the point
title | Y | Title of booster

For Credit Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | Y | end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
cash_back | Y | cash bach of sales
title | Y | Title of booster

*NOTED:*

* If booster status is 'actived', nothing can be updated
* booster_type can not been changed

## Delete Booster

```shell
curl "https://phrenzi.com/api/management/booster/a635683c-87d3-4531-a5b5-f58d44d053b8" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: token" \
  -H "X-Staff-Id: 828055eb-a94d-4f71-aa90-110d5b747468" \
  -X DELETE
```

> If success, return 200 status code with empty response.

> If failed, return 406 status code with error message:

```
{
  "errors": [
    "can not delete booster that is already been actived"
  ]
}
```

This endpoint authenticated by `Manager Token` ( using Staff-ID Request Header, staff should be manager staff ) and delete Booster

### HTTP Request

`DELETE http://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/:booster_id`

<aside class="info">This API require Staff-Id Request Header. please refer to <a
href="#staff-id-request-header">Staff-Id Request Header section</a></aside>

## Stop Booster

```shell
curl "https://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/a635683c-87d3-4531-a5b5-f58d44d053b8/stop" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: token" \
  -H "X-Staff-Id: 828055eb-a94d-4f71-aa90-110d5b747468" \
  -X PATCH
```

> If success, return 200 status code with empty response.

> If failed, return 406 status code with error message:

```
{
  "errors": [
    "can not stop booster that is not active"
  ]
}
```

This endpoint authenticated by `Manager Token` ( using Staff-ID Request Header, staff should be manager staff ) and stop Booster

### HTTP Request

`PATCH http://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/:booster_id/stop`

<aside class="info">This API require Staff-Id Request Header. please refer to <a
href="#staff-id-request-header">Staff-Id Request Header section</a></aside>

Commit message:

add Access Token authenticate for Booster management

source/includes/_management_boosters.md, after:

# Management / Boosters

## Get all boosters

```shell
curl "https://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer access_token" \
  -H "X-Staff-Id: 828055eb-a94d-4f71-aa90-110d5b747468" \
  -d '{
    "start": "2018-03-01",
    "end": "2018-03-28"
    }'

```

> The above command returns array of `Booster` objects:

```json
{
  "boosters": [
    {
      "id": "4a4bd792-d962-4304-bafd-4faccfd5be89",
      "title": "Dummy Title",
      "date": "2018-04-01",
      "start_time": 56686,
      "finished_by": "end_time",
      "end_time": 56888,
      "point": 100,
      "status": "scheduled",
      "booster_type": "task",
      "task_desc": null,
      "redeem_count": 0
    },
    {
      "id": "a9bd28d9-a7a2-44e4-8752-88a154783f1f",
      "title": "Dummy Title",
      "date": "2018-04-03",
      "start_time": 39600,
      "end_time": 72000,
      "host_point": 100,
      "invitee_point": 100,
      "unlimited": true,
      "status": "scheduled",
      "booster_type": "invitation",
      "number_of_invitation_sent": 0,
      "number_of_invitation_redeemed": 0,
      "number_of_invitation_not_redeemed": 0,
      "number_of_host": 0,
      "number_of_invitee": 0
    }
  ]
}
```

This endpoint authenticated by `Access Token`, and Staff-ID Request Header, staff should be manager staff, and retrieves all boosters within range.

### HTTP Request

`GET http://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters`

<aside class="info">This API require Staff-Id Request Header. please refer to <a
href="#staff-id-request-header">Staff-Id Request Header section</a></aside>

<aside class="info">This API support pagination. please refer to <a
href="#link-response-header">Link Response Header section</a></aside>

### Query Parameters

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
start | Y | start range of query, format: 'YYYY-MM-DD'
end | Y | end range of query, format: 'YYYY-MM-DD'
page | N | the page results of all transactions
per_page | N | the number of transaction record return per page by api, default to be 20

## Get booster

```shell
curl "https://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/0cb43edf-4623-4086-99a0-50554af32baa" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer access_token" \
  -H "X-Staff-Id: 828055eb-a94d-4f71-aa90-110d5b747468" \
```

> The above command returns `Booster` objects:

```json
{
  "booster": {
    "id": "0cb43edf-4623-4086-99a0-50554af32baa",
    "title": "Dummy Title",
    "date": "2018-03-30",
    "start_time": 39600,
    "finished_by": "end_time",
    "end_time": 72000,
    "point": 100,
    "status": "actived",
    "booster_type": "check_in",
    "redeem_count": 0
  }
}

```

This endpoint authenticated by `Access Token`, and Staff-ID Request Header, staff should be manager staff, and retrieves booster with stats

### HTTP Request

`GET http://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/:booster_id`

<aside class="info">This API require Staff-Id Request Header. please refer to <a
href="#staff-id-request-header">Staff-Id Request Header section</a></aside>

### Response Parameters

For CheckIn Booster

Parameter | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | date of booster
booster_type | should be 'check_in'
start_time | start time of booster
end_time | if finished_by is 'end_time', would be present here. End time of booster
finished_by | either 'end_time' or 'quantity'
quantity | if finished_by is 'quantity', would be present here. The maximum time for redemption.
title | Title of booster
point | redemption point
redeem_count | number of redemption so far

For Task Booster

Parameter | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | date of booster
booster_type | should be 'task'
start_time | start time of booster
end_time | if finished_by is 'end_time', would be present here. End time of booster
finished_by | either 'end_time' or 'quantity'
quantity | if finished_by is 'quantity', would be present here. The maximum time for redemption.
title | Title of booster
point | redemption point
redeem_count | number of redemption so far

For Invitation Booster

Parameter | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | date of booster
booster_type | should be 'invitation'
start_time | start time of booster
end_time | end time of booster
host_point | redemption point as a host
invitee_point | redemption point as a invitee
unlimited | either true or false
title | Title of booster
invitation_limit | if unlimited is false, would be present here. Maximum of Invitaiton host can sent
number_of_invitation_sent | number of invitation sent out
number_of_invitation_redeemed | number of invitation that have been redeemed
number_of_invitation_not_redeemed | number of invitation that have not been redeemed
number_of_host | number of host
number_of_invitee | number of invitee

For Tiered Check In Booster

Parameter | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | date of booster
booster_type | should be 'tiered_check_in'
finished_by | 'end_time' or 'quantity'
start_time | start time of booster
end_time | if finished_by is end_time, specify end time of booster
quantity | if finished_by is quantity, specify quantity here
point | redemption point as for check-in
enable_invitation | enable or not invitation feature
host_point | redemption point as a host
invitee_point | redemption point as a invitee
unlimited | either true or false
title | Title of booster
invitation_limit | if unlimited is false, would be present here. Maximum of Invitaiton host can sent
number_of_invitation_sent | number of invitation sent out
number_of_invitation_redeemed | number of invitation that have been redeemed
number_of_invitation_not_redeemed | number of invitation that have not been redeemed
number_of_host | number of host
number_of_invitee | number of invitee

For Target Amount Booster

Parameter | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | date of booster
booster_type | should be 'target_amount'
start_time | start time of booster
end_time | End time of booster
point | redemption point
target_amount | target_amount that patron purchase to redeem the point
title | Title of booster
redeem_count | number of redemption so far
number_of_redeemed_player | number of redeemed player so far

For Credit Booster

Parameter | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | date of booster
booster_type | should be 'credit'
start_time | start time of booster
end_time | End time of booster
cash_back | cash back percentage, for instance 3.5% cash back, value is 3.5
title | Title of booster
redeem_count | number of redeemed so far

## Create Boosters

```shell
curl "https://phrenzi.com/api/management/booster" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer access_token" \
  -H "X-Staff-Id: 828055eb-a94d-4f71-aa90-110d5b747468" \
  -X POST \
  -d '{
    "booster_type": "check_in",
    "date": "2018-03-01",
    "start_time": 39600,
    "finished_by": "end_time",
    "end_time": 79200,
    "point": 100,
    "title": "CheckIn and Play"
    }'
```

> if okay, return status coce 200 and `Booster` objects:

``` json
{
  "booster": {
    "id": "0d028b17-e0c7-47ee-a951-3884b39e0603",
    "title": "CheckIn and Play",
    "date": "2018-04-01",
    "start_time": 46800,
    "finished_by": "end_time",
    "end_time": 54000,
    "point": 100,
    "status": "scheduled",
    "booster_type": "check_in",
    "redeem_count": 0
  }
}
```

> if invalid, return status coce 422 and object:

``` json
{
  "errors": [
    "Date can't be blank"
  ]
}
```

This endpoint authenticated by `Access Token` ( using Staff-ID Request Header, staff should be manager staff ) and create Booster

### HTTP Request

`POST http://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters`

<aside class="info">This API require Staff-Id Request Header. please refer to <a
href="#staff-id-request-header">Staff-Id Request Header section</a></aside>

### Query Parameters

For CheckIn Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
booster_type | Y | should be 'check_in'
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | N | if finished_by is 'end_time', required. end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
finished_by | Y | either 'end_time' or 'quantity'
quantity | N | if finished_by is 'quantity', required. the maximum time for redemption.
title | Y | Title of booster
point | Y | redemption point

For Task Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
booster_type | Y | should be 'task'
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | N | if finished_by is 'end_time', required. end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
finished_by | Y | either 'end_time' or 'quantity'
quantity | N | if finished_by is 'quantity', required. the maximum time for redemption.
title | Y | Title of booster
point | Y | redemption point

For Invitation Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
booster_type | Y | should be 'invitation'
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | Y | end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
host_point | Y | redemption point as a host
invitee_point | Y | redemption point as a invitee
unlimited | Y | either true or false
title | Y | Title of booster
invitation_limit | N | if unlimited is false, then required. maximum of Invitaiton host can sent

For Tiered Check In Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
booster_type | Y | should be 'tiered_check_in'
finished_by | Y | should be 'end_time' or 'quantity'
start_time | Y | start time of booster template, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | N | if finished_by is 'end_time', required, specify end_time of booster template, it's second to the begining of the day
quantity | N | if finished_by is 'quantity', required, quantity of booster that can redeemed
point | Y | check-in point
enable_invitation | Y | true or false
host_point | N | if enable_invitation, required, redemption point as a host
invitee_point | N | if enable_invitation, required, redemption point as a invitee
unlimited | N | if enable_invitation, required, either true or false
title | Y | Title of booster template
invitation_limit | N | if unlimited is false, then required. maximum of Invitaiton host can sent


For Target Amount Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
booster_type | Y | should be 'target_amount'
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | Y | end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
point | Y | redemption point
target_amount | Y | target_amount that patron purchase to redeem the point
title | Y | Title of booster

For Credit Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
booster_type | Y | should be 'credit'
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | Y | end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
cash_back | Y | cash_back of sales
title | Y | Title of booster

## Create Booster From Booster Template

```shell
curl "https://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/from_booster_template" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer access_token" \
  -H "X-Staff-Id: 828055eb-a94d-4f71-aa90-110d5b747468" \
  -X POST \
  -d '{
    "id": "4e92881c-6aa8-47c7-afb2-00bddb909c32",
    "date": "2018-03-01"
    }'
```

> if okay, return status coce 200 and `Booster` objects:

``` json
{
  "booster": {
    "id": "0d028b17-e0c7-47ee-a951-3884b39e0603",
    "title": "CheckIn and Play",
    "date": "2018-03-01",
    "start_time": 46800,
    "finished_by": "end_time",
    "end_time": 54000,
    "point": 100,
    "status": "scheduled",
    "booster_type": "check_in",
    "redeem_count": 0
  }
}
```

> if invalid, return status coce 422 and object:

``` json
{
  "errors": [
    "Date can't be blank"
  ]
}
```

This endpoint authenticated by `Access Token` ( using Staff-ID Request Header, staff should be manager staff ) and create Booster from existing booster_template id

### HTTP Request

`POST http://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/from_booster_template`

<aside class="info">This API require Staff-Id Request Header. please refer to <a
href="#staff-id-request-header">Staff-Id Request Header section</a></aside>

### Query Parameters

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
id | Y | booster template's id
date | Y | booster scheduled date

## Update Booster

```shell
curl "https://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/a635683c-87d3-4531-a5b5-f58d44d053b8" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer access_token" \
  -H "X-Staff-Id: 828055eb-a94d-4f71-aa90-110d5b747468" \
  -X PATCH \
  -d '{
    "date": "2018-03-01",
    "start_time": 39600,
    "finished_by": "end_time",
    "end_time": 79200,
    "point": 100,
    "title": "CheckIn and Play"
    }'
```

> if okay, return status code 200 and returns `Booster` object:

```json
{
  "booster": {
    "id": "a635683c-87d3-4531-a5b5-f58d44d053b8",
    "title": "CheckIn and Play",
    "date": "2018-04-01",
    "start_time": 39600,
    "finished_by": "end_time",
    "end_time": 79200,
    "point": 100,
    "status": "scheduled",
    "booster_type": "check_in",
    "redeem_count": 0
  }
}
```

> if invalid, return status coce 422 and object:

``` json
{
  "errors": [
    "Date can't be blank"
  ]
}
```

This endpoint authenticated by `Access Token` ( using Staff-ID Request Header, staff should be manager staff ) and update Booster

### HTTP Request

`PATCH http://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/:booster_id`

<aside class="info">This API require Staff-Id Request Header. please refer to <a
href="#staff-id-request-header">Staff-Id Request Header section</a></aside>

### Query Parameters
For CheckIn Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | N | if finished_by is 'end_time', required. end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
finished_by | Y | either 'end_time' or 'quantity'
quantity | N | if finished_by is 'quantity', required. the maximum time for redemption.
title | Y | Title of booster
point | Y | redemption point

For Task Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | N | if finished_by is 'end_time', required. end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
finished_by | Y | either 'end_time' or 'quantity'
quantity | N | if finished_by is 'quantity', required. the maximum time for redemption.
title | Y | Title of booster
point | Y | redemption point

For Invitation Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | Y | end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
host_point | Y | redemption point as a host
invitee_point | Y | redemption point as a invitee
unlimited | Y | either true or false
title | Y | Title of booster
invitation_limit | N | if unlimited is false, then required. maximum of Invitaiton host can sent

For Tiered Check In Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
finished_by | Y | should be 'end_time' or 'quantity'
start_time | Y | start time of booster template, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | N | if finished_by is 'end_time', required, specify end_time of booster template, it's second to the begining of the day
quantity | N | if finished_by is 'quantity', required, quantity of booster that can redeemed
point | Y | check-in point
enable_invitation | Y | true or false
host_point | N | if enable_invitation, required, redemption point as a host
invitee_point | N | if enable_invitation, required, redemption point as a invitee
unlimited | N | if enable_invitation, required, either true or false
title | Y | Title of booster template
invitation_limit | N | if unlimited is false, then required. maximum of Invitaiton host can sent

For Target Amount Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | Y | end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
point | Y | redemption point
target_amount | Y | target_amount that patron purchase to redeem the point
title | Y | Title of booster

For Credit Booster

Parameter | Required | Description
--------- | ----------- | ----------
date | Y | date of booster
start_time | Y | start time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
end_time | Y | end_time of booster, it's second to the begining of the day
cash_back | Y | cash bach of sales
title | Y | Title of booster

*NOTED:*

* If booster status is 'actived', nothing can be updated
* booster_type can not been changed

## Delete Booster

```shell
curl "https://phrenzi.com/api/management/booster/a635683c-87d3-4531-a5b5-f58d44d053b8" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer access_token" \
  -H "X-Staff-Id: 828055eb-a94d-4f71-aa90-110d5b747468" \
  -X DELETE
```

> If success, return 200 status code with empty response.

> If failed, return 406 status code with error message:

```
{
  "errors": [
    "can not delete booster that is already been actived"
  ]
}
```

This endpoint authenticated by `Access Token` ( using Staff-ID Request Header, staff should be manager staff ) and delete Booster

### HTTP Request

`DELETE http://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/:booster_id`

<aside class="info">This API require Staff-Id Request Header. please refer to <a
href="#staff-id-request-header">Staff-Id Request Header section</a></aside>

## Stop Booster

```shell
curl "https://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/a635683c-87d3-4531-a5b5-f58d44d053b8/stop" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer access_token" \
  -H "X-Staff-Id: 828055eb-a94d-4f71-aa90-110d5b747468" \
  -X PATCH
```

> If success, return 200 status code with empty response.

> If failed, return 406 status code with error message:

```
{
  "errors": [
    "can not stop booster that is not active"
  ]
}
```

This endpoint authenticated by `Access Token` ( using Staff-ID Request Header, staff should be manager staff ) and stop Booster

### HTTP Request

`PATCH http://phrenzi.com/api/management/boosters/:booster_id/stop`

<aside class="info">This API require Staff-Id Request Header. please refer to <a
href="#staff-id-request-header">Staff-Id Request Header section</a></aside>
